

Characters:

Arnelda: competent, calm, decisive
Backstory: Arnelda – 42 (at time of death)-- A veteran who spent her younger days in wars, Arnelda came back to Kvasten half a decade ago. Already considered a respected village 'elder', Arnelda serves as military leader. Her husband and only child where lost in a recent conflict, leaving her a hollowed out soldier. – 

Merissa: Smart, careful, arrogant, cynic, hidden trait(zealous(anti-mages))
Backstory Merissa: -- 17 -- An orphan of unknown origin, Merissa was raised in a monastery near the village of Kvasten. When her talent for magic was discovered, she was sent to the nearby city to be trained as a mage. As the years went by, she came to despise her fellow mages, finally fleeing back to her childhood home. She brought the words of warning that caused the village to finally decide to emigrate.

Mudoc: Snarky/rude/funny/crude, assertive, brave/reckless, caring, hidden trait(random piercing insights)
Backstory Mudoc: -- 16 – A wild child that had a knack for finding problems and solving them. Wherever problem went Mudoc was not far behind. When he was 14 years old, he ambushed and killed a mage that was harassing a villager. His entire family was killed in retaliation for the transgression. Since then, he has been on the run, hiding in the nearby forests and surviving on handouts.

Gar: Empathic, gregarious, optimist, impatient, hidden trait(vengeful/see red)
Backstory Gar: -- 16 – When the "Ill times" first started Kvasten did not cooperate with the local mage lord, Gars parents where made an example out of. Despite this, Gar was a talkative and happy child, who grew up with his grandfather; a respected village elder named Eskil. 

Sodry: competent/silent, observant, callous/heartless, worldly, hidden trait(kleptomaniac)
Backstory Sodry: -- 25 – Born in a great city amongst the dunes, Sodry got in trouble with the sultans’ guard when he was ten years old. He fled and traveled the lands for many years until he encountered elves, who told him to seek the humans in the north west. Sodry joined the human tribe in the frozen north at age 16, and has been hunting and scouting ever since.

Henry - blacksmith: -- 35 --
Blacksmith, builder, carpenter and uncle to half of Kvesten. Henry is a grumbling center fixture of Arnsreach and is set to remain so for life.

??

Alderman Eskil -- Village elder:
"De facto leader by merit of a modicum of wealth and being the oldest. Alderman Eskil has been leading Kvesten, and later Arnsreach, for as long as anyone can remember. His family consists of his grandson Gar, who he hopes will take charge after his passing."
Old sevant of a lich?